Fix description of config files User Guide (#8624)
pypa/pip: docs/html/user_guide.rst

style config file.

The names and locations of the configuration files vary slightly across

> platforms. You may have per-user, per-virtualenv or global (shared amongst

Reviewer: It may be worthwhile to mention the global config is shared also by all Python installations.

  :file:`C:\\Documents and Settings\\All Users\\Application Data\\pip\\pip.ini`
* On Windows 7 and later the file is hidden, but writeable at
  :file:`C:\\ProgramData\\pip\\pip.ini`

> * System-wide configuration is not supported on Windows Vista

Reviewer 2: I can see why you used this term (system-wide), and it makes definite sense as a term, but maybe since the PR is meant to get a bit more consistency around terminology it's worth sticking to using "global" here rather than introducing a synonym for it (system-wide), and again having two terms for the same concept?

I.e. `* Global configuration is not supported on` and below similarly?

Author: @Julian Oh I understand! lemme change it.

  :file:`C:\\Documents and Settings\\All Users\\Application Data\\pip\\pip.ini`
* On Windows 7 and later the file is hidden, but writeable at
  :file:`C:\\ProgramData\\pip\\pip.ini`
* Global configuration is not supported on Windows Vista.

> The global configuration file is shared by whole Python installation.

Reviewer 2: Minor grammar:

```suggestion
The global configuration file is shared by all Python installations.
```
